NextJS 14 `next export` has been removed (#572)
quarkiverse/quarkus-quinoa: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/web-frameworks.adoc

  }
----

> And in new version of next.js you need to add the following property in `next.config.js` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Next.js 14+ you need to add the following property in `next.config.js` file:
```
